gh-91279: ZipFile.writestr now respect SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH (#124435)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-24-20-25-52.gh-issue-91279.9oMUwW.rst

> ``ZipFile.writestr`` now respect SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH, that distributions can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`zipfile.writestr` now respects ``SOURCE_DATE_EPOCH``, that distributions can
```
